Add a docs section to pr template (#2663)
trento-project/web: .github/pull_request_template.md

# Description

Please include a summary of the changes and the related issue, if it exists. 
Also, include relevant motivation and context for this PR. List any dependencies that are required for this change.

- Fixes # (issue)

## Did you add the right label?

Remember to add the right labels to this PR.

## How was this tested?

> Describe the types of tests that have been added for this functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe the types of tests that have been added for this functionality.
```
Just keeping things consistent here

> Describe the types of tests that have been added for this functionality

Reviewer 2: to me, this is more succinct and clearer:

```suggestion
Describe the tests that have been added/changed for this new behavior.
```

What do you think?

## Did you update the documentation?

> Remember to ask yourself if your PR introduced changes to the following documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to ask yourself if your PR effects or requires changes to the following documentation:
```

Because you're going to _introduce changes_ to the documents :D

> - [Manual installation guide](https://github.com/trento-project/docs/blob/main/guides/manual-installation.md)?

Author: Having this list of docs is a dual edged sword, it is nice to have a list where on every pr we can shortly check out if some changes are required, but on the other hand this list needs to be maintained from time to time.

Open for suggestions if we should keep this list or only the text:
Add a documentation PR or write that no changes are required for the documentation.

Reviewer 3: I think having the links is fine, in the end, as we will use it frequently it should be obvious fast enough when it gets outdated.

Reviewer: I agree with @rtorrero. I am likely to forget checking some documents, if I do not have a list available
